We passed the Academy's
graduation exams,
and now me and my friends are on
the path to becoming real
shinobi.
And finally... it's time for our
first mission!
(KONOHAMARU) Hey! This is your
first mission as genin.
So listen up and I'll tell you
how it works.
This is where all ninja, whether
jonin, chunin, and genin,
receive their
mission assignments.
As you probably already know,
behind every ninja mission, is a
requester in need of assistance.
Missions can range from conflict
resolution between nations to
finding lost possessions.
I'm sure we'll be able to handle
whatever kind of mission gets
thrown our way!
Isn't every mission ranked
before it's assigned?
I understand they're ranked high
to low, from level S to level D.
And that the administrators
assign missions to teams
according to their abilities...
[chuckle] Exactly right.
(SARADA) [chuckle]
Impressive. You have a lot of
knowledge.
Everyone should know this stuff.
Alright!
How about we start off with the
highest ranked mission
and show everybody just how
awesome Team 7 is!
[chuckle] I'm sorry to have to
dampen your enthusiasm...
But you're just a newbie, and
newbies are broken in slowly,
starting with C or D ranked
missions to start with.
[exhale]
Well, I guess that's how it is.
This is our first mission, and
if it's gonna be something at
that level...
let's wrap it up quickly and get
that reward from our requester.
Is that how it works?
Yeah... Piece of cake, I'll
handle it myself!
(NARUTO) "Piece of cake," you'll
"handle it yourself," huh?
Lord Seventh...
No mission is "a piece of cake"
and the sooner you learn that
the better.
(BORUTO) Why are we here?
It's a tradition. The Hokage
himself will assign your
first mission.
You should feel honored to
receive it.
Yes, sir!
Now then...
Team 7's first mission... is to
expel bandits.
(KONOHAMARU) Yes, sir.
[grunt]
(SHIKAMARU) At the border
between the Land of Fire and the
Land of Wind
is a small village called the
Green Banks.
They requested this mission.
This area over here is dotted
with farming villages.
They've maintained their way of
life for generations.
But they had a bad harvest this
year due to a serious drought.
So, the problem for Green Banks
is,
neighboring villages have
started stealing food from their
storehouses;
and they want us to stop them.
So the villages have a conflict
and they need to get it
resolved.
Yeah...
We have to stop some farmers
from getting into a fight?
I'd say this assignment's a
piece of cake.
Don't act like a smug know it
all!
You guys need to take
your missions much more
seriously, do you understand?
"You guys"?!
Maybe he has a knack for things,
but he's reckless and stupid,
so please don't lump me in with
him.
Hey, don't be a jerk!
What did you say?!
[grunt]
That critique still had a touch
of admiration in it.
Hey! Everybody calm down!
Anyway...
Even if you've been assigned a
D‐rank mission, it's your duty
to take it seriously.
If you don't, you're gonna get
burned. And work as a team!
Hm!
Do your best and don't give up!
Boruto...
You're going on your first
mission!
You seem pretty happy, Big
Brother!
Hm? Oh, you think so? Uh! Hey,
Mom. I wanted to ask you... What
was your first mission like?
Huh? My first mission?
Let me think... I guess what I
remember most is feeling so
nervous the whole time.
What do you mean by "nervous"?
Like nervous with excitement?
It wasn't like that. We were
still at war. It was a very
different time back then.
A lot of the missions tended to
be dangerous.
That's why I wasn't really
excited about going on my first
mission. You know?
Hmmm!
Oh no! I've gotta go.
Alright, well I guess I'm off!
Be careful out there.
Bye‐bye, Big Brother! Good luck
with the mission!
G'bye!
I'll be back before ya know it!
I'm gonna show that stupid old
man once and for all!
A mission like this is a piece
of cake for me!
Okay, it's about time to get
going.
Before he left, I gave
Konohamaru all the details we
have about the situation.
If you ask me... This whole
thing sounds a little
suspicious.
Oh!
That reminds me!
Isn't Shikadai going on his
first mission too?
[chuckle] Yeah.
Hard to believe we've both
reached the age
where we're worrying about our
sons' first missions.
[chuckle] What a drag.
(CHO‐CHO) [chuckle] That's so
like you, Madame!
(MADAME) [chuckle] "Madame"
sounds just lovely!
Oh, Cho‐Cho! You are such a
charmer!
Damn, this is what they call a
guarded escort?
This is definitely not what I
pictured.
I guess we're her bodyguards?
What we really are is following
around a rich lady while she
goes shopping.
(MADAME) So cute! Where shall we
go for a break soon, Cho‐Cho?
I just happen to know a little
shop down there and it'll be
perfect.
Plus they make these sweets and
ah‐ They're Devine!
Oh my, then we absolutely must
go!
What if we don't get there
before they're sold out‐ they
make a limited amount.
Really? Oh no.
Hey, you two, let's get a move
on!
Yeah, stop slacking off, you
guys! Hurry up!
Chubs is completely getting
carried away with this mission.
Damn it, this assignment is
really such a drag!
I know Shikadai will be
just fine. He's probably doing a
great job.
Yeah... Well, I hope so.
Can we talk?
Yeah, what's up?
I just want to be clear from the
start that you are not
to do anything that will leave a
mark on my record.
Huh?
I don't want you creating any
roadblocks on my path to
becoming the Hokage.
I don't want your failures as a
ninja to ever find their way to
my record!
Shut up!
Why are you giving me attitude?!
You two really get along.
Are you kidding me?!
How 'bout we stop for a little
break.
Team 7... before we start this
first mission, there's something
I need to tell you.
Lord Hokage already told you
this...
But what's most important to the
success of any mission is
teamwork.
[groan]
We've heard that lecture
already. It's getting boring.
Stop complaining for once and
just let Sensei talk.
Alright, alright.
What's also important is to
respect each other's skills and
worth..
And there's one more thing...
That is truly the most crucial
part of any mission.
Hm?
Whenever you encounter danger on
your own, don't try to resolve
it by yourself.
The four of us always have to
work as one team,
or the three of you have to
figure out a unified plan
together.
But never take any action on
your own, you understand?!
You better listen carefully,
Boruto. All this applies
directly to you.
Uh?! What makes you think
that?!
Because everybody knows that
you're the most reckless person
on our team!
What?!
Actually, I agree with her on
that point.
[grunt] You're on her side now,
Mitsuki?
[chuckle] Understood?!
Yes, sir!
Hm?!
[grunts]
Uh...
[sigh] Really?
[sighs]
If you can't tell one type of
danger from another, then you've
got a long way to go.
Okay, break time's over!
[grunt]
That's it straight ahead!
Our destination is just on the
other side of this bridge.
But it appears that we can't
cross it.
So this is the only bridge
here...
I believe they're the shinobi
from the Hidden Leaf... Lady
Kiri.
I see.
[sigh]
They're just a bunch of kids.
Can they be any good?
I've heard they definitely have
the right skills.
[sigh]
Lower the bridge.
Wow‐ That's really cool!
So, the drawbridge can only be
controlled from that side.
Did you come here from the
Hidden Leaf Village?
That's right.
Let me welcome you and thank you
for coming.
Huh?
What's that?
(VILLAGER A) Oh...
It's where they collect the toll
from people who want to cross
over the bridge.
A toll?
(VILLAGER A) Our poor village
has few profitable resources.
Our previous leader planned the
bridge and personally
oversaw it's construction.
Thanks to his foresight, our
village is doing better now than
ever before.
It sounds like he was great
leader.
Indeed he certainly was.
He considered all the people in
the village his family,
and he never stopped working to
help us.
He would have given his life to
protect the village. He was that
great a man.
[gasp]
You called him your "previous"
leader. Did he retire recently?
I'm afraid he passed away
suddenly, three months ago.
His daughter took over his
position.
Hmmm.
Three months ago, huh...
Isn't that right around the
same time the village started
getting attacked?
Yes... After the new village
head took power,
the neighboring villages started
treating us with blatant
contempt.
There's been a lot of talk about
it.
Hmmm.
Come this way please...
This is Lady Kiri. She is
the head of the Green Banks
Village.
But she's still just a kid.
Shhh!
Are all of you from the Hidden
Leaf?
(KONOHAMARU) Yes...
I need you to answer a question
before the mission starts.
Since you sent these mere
children to fulfill our
request...
...is the Hidden Leaf short on
manpower?
What‐!
I can assure you that all of
them are skilled.
I'll believe you. I just hope
that statement doesn't become a
lie.
Let me go over the request one
more time.
Yes.
This year's harvest was very
meager. And our village wasn't
the only one to suffer.
The drought affected the entire
region. And now we are all
dealing with the results.
People from the Pale Blue Valley
have repeatedly come to our
village
in order to steal provisions
from our storehouses.
Yes, we're aware of that.
And we know our mission is to
stop it from happening...
and make sure they never attack
here again.
(KIRI) That's what it was
originally.
Uh?!
"Originally"?
Mm.
Until recently, we were able to
thwart the enemy on our own.
However...
Now they've hired shinobi.
[gasp]
Could you guys excuse us
for just a moment?
Hm?
[grunt] Hey, what are you
doing?!
Let's go.
(BORUTO) [struggling] C'mon!
Man!
This makes our mission a B‐rank
or higher...
It'll be too complicated for the
genin to handle.
I wonder what's gonna happen
now?
I doubt we'll be expected to
complete a mission
that suddenly includes fighting
shinobi.
Why would you say something like
that?!
We've come all the way out here.
We can't just turn and run home,
it'll look so uncool!
You're right. I agree it won't
look good if we end up quitting
partway through the mission.
If a mission's been assigned
then it must be completed. Am I
right?
So we have no choice.
That is right! We all need to
work together to convince
Konohamaru Sensei
to let us finish our mission!
(GUARD) Ahhh!
[wincing]
[gasp]
What was that?!
Over there!
[gasps]
[heavy breaths]
[grunt]
[grunts]
[grunt] He's strong!
Boruto! It's not worth it!
You've got no backbone.
[nervous inhale]
[heavy breathing] Are you...
from the Hidden Leaf?
[grunt]
(HIDARI) Ashimaru!
Ahhh!
[grunt]
I just stood there. I couldn't
do anything...
Turning back now is no longer
possible. It would disgrace the
name of the Hidden Leaf...
We need a doctor, and quick!
[gasps]
Your enemy attacked. But didn't
go for the storehouse.
[gasp]
So what's going on then?
I need the truth. Will you be
completely honest with me from
now on?
[confused chattering]
There's nothing for you to
fear. I'll handle the
situation.
Lady Kiri, just give us the
order and we'll take up arms as
well!
No way! Why do you think I asked
the Hidden Leaf shinobi to come
to us?
I just want‐
I already told you I'd handle
this!
Now come with me.
You, too.
Guess this mission's really on
now.
I'm gonna get a chance to show
my stuff.
How can you be so calm when you
were just attacked a couple
minutes ago?
You almost got yourself killed
back there.
Don't be an idiot! I was in
control the whole time!
I let him get in close so I
could check him out.
That's what you were doing?
C'mon! Learn to read between the
lines, Mitsuki.
So...
What does the enemy actually
want?
[sigh]
Until you tell us the truth, we
won't be able to put together a
strategy to help you.
We'll accept the mission, you
have my word. So please, tell us
everything.
[sigh]
It's the deed to the bridge.
That's the real reason they keep
coming.
[gasp]
Unless I turn the deed over to
them, they'll just keep
attacking our village.
And that piece of paper is worth
all this trouble to you?
Of course, it is! That bridge
was constructed by my father!
I'll never give it up.
[growl]
Boruto!
Very well. And who else is aware
of this?
[sigh]
Lady Kiri... Are you the only
one who knows?
Mm.
(HIDARI) Shinobi from the Hidden
Leaf, huh?
Uh, the girl acted on her own
without ever consulting any of
us.
I toyed with them a little as a
way of welcoming them.
You should've killed them all
the moment you had the
opportunity.
Be quiet! We may be in an age of
peace...
but the Hidden Leaf Village
still has many exceptionally
skilled shinobi
who fought in and survived the
Great War.
I do not aspire to cross swords
with them...
So what do we do now?
Humph. The only thing that
matters is that we get the deed
to the bridge, right?
I have a little job for you to
do.
(IORI) Fine.
(VILLAGER C) Fire!
(KONOHAMARU)It's all turning
out just as we expected.
Yes it is. So when they attacked
earlier... they were trying to
analyze our strengths and
weaknesses?
Probably. And the fact that they
came back so soon means...
Damn it! Means they think we
won't fight back.
(IORI) Ahhh!
Huh?
Somebody help me! Ah!
(BORUTO) Look at that guy!
[grunt]
Just wait, Boruto!
Don't worry‐ I can take care of
this myself! [grunt]
[grunt]
Get outta here!
Something tells me you're from
the Pale Blue Valley!
Huh? You're the‐ [grunt]
[pained grunts]
You guys are all in on this
together?!
Boruto! Are you alright?
Didn't Sensei tell you that you
can't just go running off on
your own?!
(BORUTO) Shut up!
[chuckle]
What I wanna know is what's
going on with all the
villagers?
It's genjutsu...
They're all being controlled by
a genjutsu.
So, that mean it's not a good
idea to kill them all?
Yeah.
Well what do we do now?
First, we have to find the jutsu
user. He should be one of these
people, but...
[nervous breathing]
What's happening?! What are you
doing?
Get back!
Hey... What's wrong?!
[grunt and struggling]
Iori! Ah!
Is he under a genjutsu, too?!
[grunt]
Damn it!
It's no use! I can't find him!
Don't panic! Think it through.
We need to find the jutsu user.
So how can we do that without
harming the other villagers?
I have an idea. But things might
get a little rough...
What if I suppress the force of
my Wind Style... and then use it
over a wide area?
I get it! If somebody can
withstand your Wind Style...
...they've gotta be a shinobi!
Alright, do it Mitsuki.
(MITSUKI) Wind Style:
Breakthrough.
Whoah! Ahhh!
Where's the shinobi?
Everybody got knocked to the
ground.
They got away.
[grunt]
The village head is missing!
He's right‐ she is!
[gasp]
Don't tell me it was that guy!
If that's so, it means he was
with the enemy this entire time.
How did we miss that?!
(KONOHAMARU) Wait!
Huh?!
Didn't I tell you not to act on
your own?!
[pained grunt]
(BORUTO) Damn it. So uncool.
(KONOHAMARU) You've already seen
the way they operate.
I can't fight them and protect
you at the same time.
(BORUTO) Don't underestimate us
just 'cuz we're kids...
(KONOHAMARU) Calm down. You need
to stick to our strategy. Listen
to me.
The three of you are
going to complete your
first mission successfully.
(BORUTO) We won't let you down!
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: Strength in Unity
I'll show you exactly what
teamwork is!